SalesWings Currents integration documentation (#9700)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_analytics/analytics/saleswings.md

There are several ways for you to collect behavioral data in SalesWings for lead and account scoring, identifying buyer intent and sales insights:
* [Deploy the SalesWings tracking JavaScript][5] on the websites and apps where you want to track and identify leads
* Ingest Braze events along with event properties into SalesWings via Braze Currents
* Send behavioral lead activity data (and lead profile data) via [SalesWings integration with Segment][13]
* Send data straight to the SalesWings [API][14] from a third-party solution

### Step 3: Connecting SalesWings to Braze

Go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.

![The Braze Integration section of the SalesWings Settings page.][7]

Copy the value of the **Identifier** column for the newly created key and paste it into the **Braze API key** field of the SalesWings **Braze Integration** section.

Add your Braze API endpoint as described in [API and SDK endpoints article][8], and enter it in the **Braze API endpoint** field. Copy the value of the **REST Endpoint** column and enter it in the **Braze API endpoint** field in the SalesWings **Braze Integration** section.

> Then, click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, select **Save**.
```

(may want to cmd+f and replace on this page--not sure if this comes up elsewhere)

> ### Step 4: Setting up a custom Currents export to SalesWings (optional)

Reviewer: little note for most of these headings: i believe we remove gerings (i think that's the word?) from verbs in stepped subheaddings. you may want to tweak all the headings on this page.

```suggestion
### Step 4: Set up a custom Currents export to SalesWings (optional)
```

> If you want to use [user behavior][10] and [message engagement][11] events for behavioral intelligence, lead and account scoring, show them to sales with sales insights, or report on them in your CRM, go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use [user behavior][10] and [message engagement][11] events for behavioral intelligence, lead and account scoring, produce sales insights, or generate reports in your CRM, go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.
```

Select **Generate** under **Generate an API token to setup a Custom Currents Export**.

> Then, [create a new Current][9], and select **Custom Currents Export** as the Current type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, [create a new Current][9] and select **Custom Currents Export** as the Current type.
```
